Support subscription of `Callable[Concatenate[P], Any]` with `...` in Python 3.10 (#479)
python/typing_extensions: CHANGELOG.md

  subscripted objects) had wrong parameters if they were directly
  subscripted with an `Unpack` object.
  Patch by [Daraan](https://github.com/Daraan).

> - Backport to Python 3.10 to support substitution with `...` on Callable
>   aliases that have a Concatenate argument. Patch by [Daraan](https://github.com/Daraan).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Backport to Python 3.10 to support substitution with `...` on `Callable`
  aliases that have a `Concatenate` argument. Patch by [Daraan](https://github.com/Daraan).
```

> - Backport to Python 3.10 to support substitution with `...` on `Callable`
>   aliases that have a `Concatenate` argument. Patch by [Daraan](https://github.com/Daraan).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Backport to Python 3.10 the ability to substitute `...` in generic `Callable`
aliases that have a `Concatenate` special form as their argument.
  Patch by [Daraan](https://github.com/Daraan).
```
